DBZ-6342 Documented status of incremental snapshotting for sharded MongoDB Clusters (#4480)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/mongodb.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> Incremental snapshots for sharded MongoDB clusters require the xref:mongodb-property-mongodb-connection-mode[`mongodb.connection.mode`] property set to `sharded`.
> 
> For sharded MongoDB clusters the value of xref:mongodb-property-incremental-snapshot-chunk-size[`incremental.snapshot.chunk.size`] should be also configure sufficiently high in order to compensate for the link:https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/administration/change-streams-production-recommendations/#sharded-clusters[increased complexity] of change stream pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use incremental snapshots with sharded MongoDB clusters, you must set specific values for the following properties:

 * Set xref:mongodb-property-mongodb-connection-mode[`mongodb.connection.mode`] to `sharded`.

* Set xref:mongodb-property-incremental-snapshot-chunk-size[`incremental.snapshot.chunk.size`] to a value that is high enough to compensate for the link:https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/administration/change-streams-production-recommendations/#sharded-clusters[increased complexity] of change stream pipelines.
```
For this second item, I wonder whether we might be able to provide a general formula for calculating an adequately high value?
